do create SwaggerDocs in pre-commit, but (#1845)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/changelog.rst

* Improve performance of the endpoint profiler and support configuration using the new ``FLEXMEASURES_PROFILER_CONFIG`` setting [see `PR #1799 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1799>`_]
* Use ``SimpleWorker`` instead of fork-based ``Worker`` on macOS to prevent segmentation faults when running ``flexmeasures jobs run-worker`` for development purposes on macOS. [see `PR #1818 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1818>`_]
* Move flex model UI schema to server side [see `PR #1830 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1830>`_]

> * Less version details in OpenAPI spes, to make pre-commit step complain less [see `PR #1845 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1845>`_]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fewer version details in OpenAPI specs, to make pre-commit step complain less [see `PR #1845 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1845>`_]
```
